Add note in 'Introspecting ViewSet actions' docs section (#9633)
encode/django-rest-framework: docs/api-guide/viewsets.md

            permission_classes = [IsAdminUser]
        return [permission() for permission in permission_classes]

> **Note**: don't use the `action` attribute in the `get_parsers`, `get_authenticators` or `get_content_negotiator` methods, otherwise you will get an `AttributeError` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: the `action` attribute is not available in the `get_parsers`, `get_authenticators` and `get_content_negotiator` methods, as it is set _after_ they are called in the framework lifecycle. If you override one of these methods and try to access the `action` attribute in them, you will get an `AttributeError` error.
```
